Everything begin in 2022 when Hecke actualy find out for the first time what means roblox exploiting not hacking.
In 2022 Hecke was exploiting with only mods and he learn how to use a executor in 12-30.10.2022.Hecke was exploiting with
Fluxus and he didnt had many friends.His first friends were doge from roblox (his username is Toigamer27)
Cosplayer,Rama, Crazybro, Noodles and some friends that he may forgot.Hecke in 25.08.2023 had to leave all his friends due
to school troubles and medical and also life troubles and problems.In 16-23.9-12.2023 he meet Y00zkidd and F00lkidd ,
they betrayed him and only wanted to use him.Again in 2023 Hecke begin for the first time to hack by using termux and kali.
Later Hecke meet some people called Beluga and Hecke wich he find out from some very close friends named Blud and Damness that Hecke will never forget.
Hecke meet 2 people that he learn from each other something.
1.Was Hecke but when he meet him his name was Beluga 
So lets say that back then he was a fan of Beluga,Hecke was very toxic back then and he was known for begining toxic due to begining 
betrayed many times.Still Beluga hold his anger and he remain calm unlike Hecke that kept barking.Later Hecke and Hecker meet Plx.
Who is Plx?
Plx is a teenager that learn Hecke how to hack better.
Hecker helped him sometimes when Hecke needed him but things were not going to be alaways like this....
Due to Hecke begining very toxic...Hecker turned angaist Hecke....,after that....Plx did the same...and in the future Hecke joined Ediop3Squad.
Thats how Hecke became blackhat.Hecke was helping Hecker at hacking slashcoders and his friends that turned into Hecker enemys.
In the future Hecker did manage to become a roaster at only texting and plx becoming a roaster on calls and texting.
Plx,Hecker and Hecke were known as some legends at roasting and hacking.But sadly in one day Hecker and Plx had enough of Hecke begining toxic so when 
Hecke was at the worst moment at hacking and medical status everyone went angaist Hecke for that.Even in these days Hecke could not get revenge on those who betrayed or roasted 
him.In a final moment,Hecke stoped begining toxic,Hecke stoped hacking,and Hecke stoped teaming.By the way aqvd was a ,, blackhat " hacker who got caught by Hecker with Hecke's help
Aqvd and Hecke were like 2 brothers with the same blood just like Plx,Blud,Damness,Hecker,and a few of his friends that he was calling them,, brother".
But aqvd went neither angaist Hecke.
In the final Hecke quited most of everything,he was not online anymore not on Discord and Roblox.
And in the final the war that took 1 year ended .
However for those who still got my dox its 70% right,Hecker havent told the right beacuse he kept begining a liar and he could see that he had a fault and by the way.Hecker maybe a kid due to way he was acting.
C00lkidd and his friends were a part of Hecke's life neither but c00lkidd in Hecke's final moments decided to go angaist him for a famous youtuber.
Hecker and c00lkidd are only fans just leting you know.
Plx is a lover of coding and anime.
CryptedData is a fan neither.
Blud is a fan of anime.
Aqvd is a fan of Inc0mu.
Hecke's roblox friends and discord friends will reamin in his heart.
Hecke is a freak who could not control his anger and his tounge,making him lose very much wich he lost again and again and over again.
These were Hecke's last words and if you wanna call him you can from here : FUCK YOU 
YOU TOUGHT JUST BEACUSE I WAS GOING TO SAY MY STORY I WONT BE THE SAME HECKE GANGSTER SHIT?
NAH
ICE CUBE FOREVER
YOU TOUGHT I WAS GIVING MY NUMBER SO YOU COULD TRACK ME HUH?
SIKE
NICE TRY 
Hecke and H3ck3_03 team are down but STILL HIS SOUL IS STILL THERE.
Hecke's videos : 
https://youtube.com/@heckerfloppa-d9r?si=3GWSP8RRb1b9VmpM
Last videos with him begining on roblox.
ANDREI FOREVER 
HECKE FOREVER 
ICE CUBE FOREVER 
BLUD AND PLX FOREVER 
FUCK YOU MOTHER FUCKERS THAT KEEP TRYNG TO TRACK ME OR DOX,BRUTE FORCE ME
HECKE 2022-2024
By the way what i said earlyer maybe it will remind you of me :)
See you soon
Telegram/WhatsApp or number phone : +40756064388 or +40751664166
Discord : hecke0824
Roblox : Lokad20 or H3ck3_03
Instagram : hecker.90
Old discord : .hecker_floppa
Just to know the hecke0824 is my alt beacuse .hecker_floppa is suspendet from 23.10.2024-23.10.2025
So yeah you could say im busted 
ALSO: Im not a hacker anymore or exploiter so i dont wanna get into your problems,its not my problem.
INFO: Dont fuck around beacuse i got a job now and i am going to highschool in the same time.
And no i aint selling tools or hacking someone for you.
Hope you have a good life and if your a kid please enjoy your life out of smartphones,you will have the same regret like me.

